# clinic36
A very close friend of mine (not named for the sake of their privacy) had a long history of drug abuse before seeking treatment at clinic36. I was really happy with my friend's progression to normality and sobriety, and often accompanied them to their doctors appointments and various other consultations with medical professionals. I was so happy with how effective the treatment my friend received, that I offered to redo the front end of their website; which in its current form, is incredibly outdated, and messy - a large quantity of html/JS elements and animations overlap each other, making the page look really crowded. Clinic36 really does a lot of good work in the field of harm reduction: taking pharmaceutical grade drugs under the supervision of a doctor, in a program tailored for each individual is after all much better for you than buying street drugs, with no oversight whatsoever, along with whatever was used to cut said street drugs. Despite the bad rap that opiate substition therapy clinics get, I saw my friend getting the very best of care from the various pharmacists, administrators, pathologists, and doctors at the clinic; and is now in fact weaning off of the drug they were first prescribed at the clinic. I really thought that they ought to have a much prettier and professional looking website, perhaps with more information on it for friends and family like myself, and actual clients, and potential clients. After a conversation with some of the staff, and then email correspondence with the management, I offered to redo the front-end of their website completely for free, as long as I could have the files for the website on my github.  You can visit their current website to know what I'm talking about when I describe it as messy and outdated:
https://clinic36.com.au/

Feel free to browse the website, though it is definitely very far from done. In addition, I have not created the 'treatment at the clinic' page. To browse the website, simply open clinic36-main.html in a browser of your choosing, or host all files locally using Apache or WAMP, being mindful of the fact that all 'a' tags that make up the directory of the website at this point only open other .html files in the clinic36 folder. 

I still need to:
- Refactor my JS, perhaps even redoing all interactive elements in the GUI currently using CSS/HTML in reactJS.
- Refactor/practice CSS hygeine 
- Create separate .js and stylesheet files. I just keep the script and style tags in the same document when I'm working on a site just so I dont have to go between multiple windows or tabs in visual studio code.
- As the website is a very rough draft so far, I need to prepare it for production, at the very least adding bootstrap code for all elements on the page for mobile compatibility
- Perhaps redo the whole thing with angular at some point; when I started this it was one of my first websites and wasn't particularly confident with the angular framework.

 
